CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    My Life Planner: A Simple Date & Task Tracker with Python GUI

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    Many people struggle to stay organized and keep track of their goals, 
    deadlines, and personal tasks—especially when life gets busy. Using 
    paper planners or mobile apps can sometimes be overwhelming or full of 
    distractions.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn:
    1. Using Tkinter (or Kivy) to create windows, frames, labels, buttons, 
        and text fields
    2. Using the datetime module to calculate countdowns and due dates
    3. Generating unique 6-character IDs with the random and string modules
    4. Updating GUI components dynamically

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    1. tkinter
    2. kivy
    3. datetime
    4. random
    5. string

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?
    calculate_days_remaining, generate_task_id, format_task_output, add_task
    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    1. test_calculate_days_remaining
    2. test_generate_task_id
    3. test_format_task_output
    4. test_add_task

